---
'categories':
- 'Health'
'date': '2023-08-08'
'description': 'Everyone has had sex dreams at some point, whether they realize it
  or not! Typically, sex dreams involve erotic..'
'draft': !!bool 'false'
'title': 'How To Have A Sex Dreams: How To Make Them Happen'
'url': 'how-have-a-sex-dreams-how-to-make-them-happen'
---
 


Everyone has had sex dreams at some point, whether they realize it or not! Typically, sex dreams involve erotic and hot scenarios involving people you know. While it’s normal to have these dreams on occasion, some people dream about sex so often that it interferes with their everyday lives, leaving them feeling embarrassed or ashamed. [If you’re having regular sexual dreams, this guide will help you understand what’s causing them and how to make them stop, if that’s what you want to do.](https://vitalmayfair.com/is-eflow-nutrition-legit/)

**Dream About Sex**
Lying in bed at night, with your head against the pillow and all of your limbs gently tucked beneath the sheets, what can you do to make that sex dream you’ve been dreaming about happen? There are a few things you can do when it comes to this topic. Firstly, you could start off by giving yourself time between activities so as not to overstimulate yourself. Secondly, you could try having some sort of foreplay before going to sleep. Thirdly, it might be worth incorporating some alcohol into your evening routine – but don’t go overboard! Lastly, if all else fails then just start visualizing what you want in your mind’s eye until you drift off into sleep. Your subconscious will take care of the rest! You’ll also find that during these dreams, your body reacts differently than during an ordinary one; many people report experiencing more intense orgasms than they usually would.
It is best to use protection for these types of dreams because there is always the chance of pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases from other partners who may have interacted with the person while they were asleep. It is also important to remember never to wake up during any sexual activity because it could lead to great discomfort and embarrassment later on down the line!

**Follow Your Dreams**
One of the best parts about being human is that you can do anything if you really want it, but you also have to work hard for it. It’s not a common story that one day somebody decides they’re going to be an astronaut and they become one the next day–in reality, this doesn’t happen. Hard work comes first, then success. The same applies to having sex dreams. If you really want them, put in the time and effort before you’ll see any results. These four tips will get you started on your journey towards dreaming about sex every night.
First off, set up your environment as conducive to sleeping. Do what feels right for you-for example, drink herbal tea before bed or lay down on your back with your head propped up with a pillow. You might find out what works for you by experimenting with different methods until something clicks.

[**Try the Wake Back To Bed Method**](https://vitalmayfair.com/does-optimum-nutrition-creatine-come-with-a-scoop/)
There is a proven way to have sex dreams in your sleep called the Wake Back To Bed Method. To practice this method, all you need to do is set an alarm in the evening and wake up an hour or two before you usually wake up. If you don’t fall back asleep after a few minutes, get out of bed and stay awake for about 20 minutes before going back to bed. When you lie down again, concentrate on having sex while you’re sleeping. The reason why this works is that during REM (rapid eye movement) sleep, the brain reacts as if it’s dreaming even though it’s still asleep. By waking up at night and then lying back down, you are simulating the same physical state that happens when we dream. It’s not guaranteed that you’ll have a sex dream every time but it does increase your chances!

**Be in Love**
Every night, your body shoots hormones and neurotransmitters into your brain to make you happy. Your body’s chemical reactions also cause you to know what happens when you think about someone other than yourself. But if this kind of hormone release is happening during sleep too, why can’t we have sex dreams? The thing is that although these neurotransmitters help us be in love while we’re awake, they don’t always kickstart the same reaction during sleep. As for how to get them going – well, there are some things we can do. One suggestion is to simply tell yourself I want to have a sex dream before you go to bed each night. Another option is taking something like valerian root extract or melatonin supplements at least six hours before bedtime; both substances work on the brain and might make it easier for a sleeper to remember his or her sexual desires. There are many ways one could take advantage of our natural state of being in love!

**Write Down Your Fantasies**
Recently, I have been having a lot of sexual dreams. The feeling of the dream is very real and I don’t seem to remember them once they are over. It is one thing if the sex dream is happening while you are in bed with your significant other, but it’s quite another when you are dreaming about someone you have never even met!
I realized that my dreams were becoming more frequent and vivid so I wanted to find out how to make them happen on purpose. There are some methods for lucid dreaming that work for most people including WBTB (wake back to bed) or MILD (mnemonic induction of lucid dreams). These techniques will help you control what happens in your dream by taking some time before going to sleep to focus on an intention. You can also increase the chance of a sexual dream by writing down what turns you on before falling asleep. Then spend some time masturbating before going to sleep so as not to interrupt sleep cycles.

**Read Erotica and Watch Porn**
Watching erotic videos or reading explicit erotica before bed is a technique often used by couples with sexual issues, but it can also be used by someone who wants to have sex dreams. Reading about or watching erotic content for fifteen minutes before bed will cause the viewer to become aroused and induce sleep that lasts an hour longer than if they didn’t read or watch. As the individual sleeps, their brain enters the REM (rapid eye movement) phase and starts dreaming. The person has increased chances of having sex in their dream because their brain has been primed for arousal from earlier in the day. In general, porn on its own does not produce sex dreams as effectively as reading about them does. However, people with more intense fantasies may find some success in watching pornography. For example, research shows that gay men are more likely to have sex in their dreams after viewing gay porn than heterosexuals are after viewing heterosexual porn.

**Take Supplements**
Dream Leaf is a natural supplement that contains valerian, melatonin, and L-theanine. These ingredients help increase your sleep time, reduce stress, and improve the quality of your sleep. In turn, it may cause more vivid dreams that include your sexual fantasies. If you find yourself struggling with arousal or desire in your waking life then dream leaf may be a helpful solution for bringing back some of those sexy thoughts. It’s not a cure-all, but it can certainly provide some assistance in getting you through rough patches. For me, this has been an effective way to get back on track after taking time off from working out and eating well. For others, like one user who said I have had incredible success with this product, it has helped them achieve lucid dreaming where they are aware they are dreaming during sex. The reviews on Amazon seem to confirm what this person says; it seems safe and cheap (about $10) so if you’re looking for something new try it out!

**Stimulate Yourself During the Day**
One way to have sex dreams is by playing with yourself. Take some time every day, just before bed, and rub your genital area until you’re excited. If you’ve done this for a few weeks, there’s a good chance you’ll be dreaming about sex! To make sure that you don’t wake up while having sex in your dream, it might help to set an alarm on your phone. Once the alarm goes off, stop stimulating yourself so that you don’t wake up too soon. As soon as you feel yourself drifting back into sleep, go back to touching yourself and continue stimulating yourself until you orgasm. The key is to find a balance between being stimulated enough to stay asleep but not getting too aroused that you wake up before the end of your orgasm. And if you do wake up before climaxing, try to keep going without waking up fully; after all, even if you don’t finish in real life, you can still finish your sexual dream.

**Wake Back To Bed For Months Before Trying To Get [Pregnant](https://vitalmayfair.com/is-there-a-weight-limit-for-parasailing/)**
If you’re trying to get pregnant, it’s a good idea not to go back to sleep after sex. You don’t want to disrupt the natural signals of your body, says Jean-Pierre Habicht, MD, Ph.D., professor emeritus of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Columbia University Medical Center in New York City. You also shouldn’t nap or stay awake for long periods of time afterward. Instead, try Wake Back To Bed (WBTB). The next morning when you wake up, stay in bed and fall asleep again quickly. When the alarm goes off 2 hours later (or 3 hours if you have an exceptionally late night), set it for another 2 hours (or 3 hours) then get up and start your day with a morning walk or jog. [Repeat this process every day until you’re ready to try getting pregnant.](https://vitalmayfair.com/how-did-robin-mcgraw-lose-weight/)
 



